Update deconstruct.md (#13487)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/deconstruct.md

> ### Deconstructing user-defined types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deconstructing user-defined types
```
This should be the parent of the two following sections, which should be changed to have level-3 rather than level-2 heads.

> Non-tuple types do not offer built-in support for deconstructing. However, as the author of a class, a struct, or an interface, you can allow instances of the type to be deconstructed by implementing one or more `Deconstruct` methods. The method returns void, and each value to be deconstructed is indicated by an [out](language-reference/keywords/out-parameter-modifier.md) parameter in the method signature. For example, the following `Deconstruct` method of a `Person` class returns the first, middle, and last name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C# does not offer built-in support for deconstructing non-tuple types. However, as the author of a class, a struct, or an interface, you can allow instances of the type to be deconstructed by implementing one or more `Deconstruct` methods. The method returns void, and each value to be deconstructed is indicated by an [out](language-reference/keywords/out-parameter-modifier.md) parameter in the method signature. For example, the following `Deconstruct` method of a `Person` class returns the first, middle, and last name:
```
